Add CustomClaims to AccessKey creation (#399)
descope/go-sdk: README.md

// Roles should be set directly if no tenants exist, otherwise set
// on a per-tenant basis.
// If userID is supplied, then authorization would be ignored, and access key would be bound to the users authorization

> // If customClaims is supplied, then claims will be presented in the jwt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// If customClaims is supplied, then those claims will be present in the JWT returned by exchange.
```

res, err := descopeClient.Management.AccessKey().Create(context.Background(), "access-key-1", 0, nil, []*descope.AssociatedTenant{
		{TenantID: "tenant-ID1", RoleNames: []string{"role-name1"}},
    	{TenantID: "tenant-ID2"},
    }, 

> 	map[string]any{"k1": "v1"}, 
>     "")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"", 
    map[string]any{"k1": "v1"})
```
